It was a stillborn baby, remember?
Impossible Impossible
Sister maybe
He is because of a biological mother like you
feel ashamed
court month
It just so happens that I specially made soup for you today and delivered it here.
Oh, right.
My parents also asked about our marriage. We'll talk about it later.
Haotingyue, don't be angry
My parents didn't mean to rush us
Let's go have soup first
The child holds the child and returns it to me.
Give it back to me because my mother didn't protect you well
What happened to the stillborn baby?
That was born to my sister and a wild man outside
Wild species are congenitally deficient
Born dead, right?
Mom, that bitch is not only still alive
And he also became a senior designer of Lu Group
What are you in a hurry
You are now Lu Ji's mother
Or Lu Qunyue's fiancee
What can that little bitch do?
But that little bastard Lu Ji never recognized me
Since that little bastard is disobedient
When you are pregnant with Lu Tingyue's child
Just take you little bastard
Get rid of it with that little bitch
But the courtyard never gave me a chance to get close to him
Don't give a chance
Then create opportunities